Permission updates (#685)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: developer/articles/edit-a-custom-permission-group.mdx

CloudCannon will add the new permission to your Custom Permission Group. All members of that group will automatically gain the new permission.

> <comp.Notice info_type="info">
>   You can only grant permissions that you already hold. CloudCannon will prevent you from adding a resource to a Permission Group if you do not hold that resource at the selected scope. For more information, please read our documentation on [selecting resources](/documentation/developer-articles/what-are-custom-permission-groups/#selecting-resources).
> </comp.Notice>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<comp.Notice info_type="info">
  When you create a *Custom Permission Group*, CloudCannon will prevent you from granting a *Permission* to that *Group* that you do not have at the selected *Scope*. This behavior prevents *Permission* escalation. For more information, please read our documentation on [selecting resources](/documentation/developer-articles/what-are-custom-permission-groups/#selecting-resources).
</comp.Notice>

```

CloudCannon will delete the permission from your Custom Permission Group. All members of that group will automatically lose the permission.

> <comp.Notice info_type="info">
>   You can only remove a permission or exception when doing so does not widen access beyond what you hold. Deleting an exception restores the access it was removing, and deleting a file glob on a permission can expose a broader unrestricted permission, so CloudCannon will prevent the change unless you hold the underlying resource at that scope. Deleting a plain permission only narrows access and is always allowed. For more information, please read our documentation on [selecting resources](/documentation/developer-articles/what-are-custom-permission-groups/#selecting-resources).
> </comp.Notice>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<comp.Notice info_type="info">
Removing an *Exception* file glob will restore access to a *Permission*, and removing a *Permission* file glob can allow for unrestricted *Permissions*.

CloudCannon will prevent you from editing the file globs in a *Permission* if doing so would expand the *Custom Permission Group* beyond the access you have at the selected *Scope*. This behavior prevents *Permission* escalation. For more information, please read our documentation on [selecting resources](/documentation/developer-articles/what-are-custom-permission-groups/#selecting-resources).
</comp.Notice>

```
